= Salesforce CLI library
This is a Ruby class library, which is thin wrapper of Salesforce CLI commands. <br>
Currently it implements just *sf* command and only some functions are supported.

==== the list of supported operations in ver 0.0.2
- sf org display
- sf org login web
- sf data query
- sf sobject describe 
- sf sobject list
- sf project generate
- sf project generate manifest

I won't cover sfdx command because it is getting deprecated. So only sf command is the target to implement so far.<br>
However I'm not interested in covering all functions of it. If someone send me good pull requests I consider to merge, of course. Bug reports and suggestions are also welcome.

== prerequisite
Salesforce CLI must be installed.
https://developer.salesforce.com/ja/tools/salesforcecli


== install
=== Rubygem
  $ gem install sf_cli

=== Bundler
in Gemfile:
  gem 'sf_cli'

then,
  $ bundle install

== Examples
  require 'sf_cli/sf'

  sf = SfCli::Sf.new                     # use default org
  sf = SfCli::Sf.new target_org: 'hoge'  # use an alias "hoge" as target org

  # login to org and get the connection infomation
  sf.org.login_web
  info = sf.org.display 

  # get Account records (equivalent to 'sf data query')
  sf.data.query 'SELECT Id, Name FROM Account LIMIT 3' # => returns an array containing 3 records
  
  Account = Struct.new(:Id, :Name)
  sf.data.query('SELECT Id, Name From Account Limit 3', model_class: Account)  # returns an array of Account struct object

  # generate a Salesforce DX project
  sf.project.generate 'MyProject'